2022 05 update (#62)
carpentries/maintainer-onboarding: index.md

You will develop skills for creating a positive environment for all contributors.

- Communicating with other Maintainers: As a new Maintainer,

> you are part of a large team supporting 48 official lessons. You will learn how to 

Reviewer: Same comment as before: nice to have the exact number, but requires updating.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
you are part of a large team supporting over 40 official lessons. You will learn how to 
```
